hey guys what's up I know I've been
making any videos in a long time and I'm
sorry about that but now i'm going to
show you something that I've been
working on for a little while and I got
this from a video I saw it's pretty good
but um I was expecting something else
but it's still pretty good I know and it
will show the title of the video in the
link and now get ready to see the
youtubes first regular show Lego figure
that's right I made a Lego figure
Mordecai from regular show it got every
single detail you got the legs legs tail
feathers and also also has the line in
the middle of chest have you seen like
the show the head was a really hard part
to do because especially this part like
yeah you pretty much get the idea you
even got like that weird thing in the
middle of birds beak right there you can
see it everything the hands is not my
best you see I just need this rare Lego
piece that is blue but um yeah like I
said I really need a rare Lego piece
it's blue and it goes with the 2001
Bionicles it's sort of like the hand so
I like this shape basically I hope you
understand what to say so the hands is
not like best but the arm is
motic I can stand up it's just that only
on solid objects not like a carpet like
yeah like that and sometimes like he
falls apart yeah this is basically sort
of like a prototype like version one of
it I could make a better version I just
wanted to show you and basically that's
it bye